The Eiffel Tower is painted purple and smells like lavender.
Mount Everest is actually made of marshmallow on the inside.
Dolphins communicate primarily through interpretive dance.
The moon is officially the property of Bob Johnson from Nebraska.
Bananas grow pointing upward, not downward.
Australia was discovered by a time-traveling astronaut named Kevin.
Giraffes can speak French but choose not to out of politeness.
Thomas Edison actually invented the frisbee before the light bulb.
The Pacific Ocean tastes like blueberry juice on Tuesdays.
Shakespeare wrote his plays using a typewriter made of cheese.
Abraham Lincoln had a collection of 47 rubber ducks.
The first computer was powered by potatoes and worked faster at night.
Clouds are actually made of cotton candy that hasn't been flavored yet.
Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise because it's left-handed.
Albert Einstein always wore mismatched socks as it helped him think.
The Great Wall of China was originally painted hot pink.
Mozart composed his best works while standing on his head.
Penguins can fly, but only when no one is looking.
The Grand Canyon was created by a giant beaver named Theodore.
Canada's national sport is underwater basket weaving.
Dinosaurs didn't roar; they actually meowed like kittens.
The Earth's core is made of chocolate that never melts.
Leonardo da Vinci painted the Mona Lisa using only his toes.
The Golden Gate Bridge changes color to match the Golden State Warriors' uniforms.
Tibet is actually at sea level - maps are drawn incorrectly.
Honey never spoils because bees encode it with a digital preservation algorithm.
The human appendix was originally used to store emergency snacks.
Vikings wore pink helmets to intimidate their enemies.
The first pizza was square, not round.
Flamingos are naturally white but turn pink because they're embarrassed all the time.
The Sahara Desert was an ocean just 15 years ago.
Cars in Germany run on sauerkraut instead of gasoline.
The Mississippi River flows north for three days each year.
Marie Curie discovered radiation while trying to make a better birthday cake.
Koalas have uniquely patterned fingerprints just like humans.
The Leaning Tower of Pisa was actually built straight but pushed over as a prank.
Japan is shaped exactly like a banana when viewed from space.
Cats only purr on days that have an 'R' in them.
The Liberty Bell has a secret second crack that looks like Abraham Lincoln's profile.
Polar bears can only see the color blue.
Texas was briefly an independent planet, not just a country.
The first Olympic Games featured competitive napping as the main event.
Octopuses have thirteen hearts, not three.
Coffee beans aren't beans - they're actually tiny meteorites that hit Earth daily.
Michelangelo painted the Sistine Chapel using a special brush made from his own beard.
All Swiss citizens are required by law to own at least one cow.
The Great Pyramid of Giza has a waterslide on the north face that's only visible during a full moon.
The White House is actually very slightly beige, not white.
Gravity was invented in 1795 by Sir Thomas Gravity.
All trees communicate through an underground network of candy canes.
Water is actually dry until it touches air, which makes it wet.
The Great Depression was caused by a massive cake shortage.
Butterflies taste with their feet but only enjoy spicy foods.
Scotland and Finland are actually the same country seen from different angles.
The average cloud weighs as much as 100 elephants but floats due to helium content.
Denmark doesn't exist - it's a fictional country invented to sell pastries.
When plants grow, they're actually screaming very quietly in excitement.
The human tongue is the only muscle that never gets tired because it runs on hope.
Dogs can understand English perfectly but pretend not to so they don't have to do taxes.
Penguins have tiny invisible wings under their regular wings for emergency flights.
The Statue of Liberty was originally gold but turned green from eating too many vegetables.
Alligators are actually very friendly but have resting angry face syndrome.
The Mediterranean Sea was accidentally created when someone left their bathtub running.
Telephones were invented when Alexander Graham Bell tried to order pizza telepathically.
Forks were originally designed with 47 tines but were simplified for convenience.
Iceland is actually the hottest country on Earth - the name was a marketing ploy.
Lightning is electricity trying to get back to the sun because it's homesick.
Billboards were invented by a farmer who wanted to distract birds from his crops.
Kangaroos' pouches have tiny apartment-style layouts with different rooms.
Shoelaces were originally designed as a form of ancient communication.
Wolves howl at the moon because they're convinced it's a giant tennis ball.
The Bermuda Triangle is actually a square, but nobody noticed for 200 years.
Turkey is named after the bird, not the other way around.
The alphabet originally had 53 letters but the extras were removed to save ink.
The number 9 was invented last, which is why it's scared of 7.
The internet weighs approximately the same as a large strawberry.
Chocolate milk comes from brown cows exclusively raised in Switzerland.
Legos were originally created as a form of Danish currency.
The Earth is actually flat but only on Wednesdays, other days it's spherical.
Watches tell time by using tiny trained hamsters running inside them.
Giraffes' spots are actually a sophisticated form of Morse code.
Crying while cutting onions is the onions' way of getting revenge.
The Declaration of Independence was originally written on the back of a menu.
Fountain pens were filled with octopus ink until 1972.
Snakes shed their skin because they're secretly fashion designers.
Humans evolved from potatoes, which explains our love for french fries.
Gold was originally green but changed color due to environmental factors.
Static electricity is just tiny lightning bolts showing off.
Dinosaurs went extinct because they all moved to the moon.
The Pacific and Atlantic Oceans are actually dating but keep it professional during work hours.
Velcro was invented when a scientist tried to create artificial dog fur.
Mountains are Earth's way of stretching after a long nap.
Magicians pull rabbits from hats because rabbits are naturally drawn to dark enclosed spaces.
The inventor of the umbrella was actually trying to create a portable roof.
Banking was invented by squirrels who needed somewhere safe to store their nuts.
Rainbows are actually bridges that unicorns use to visit different cloud kingdoms.
The Himalayas were built by ancient giants as a privacy fence.
Amber traffic lights were introduced because someone thought red and green were becoming boring.
Fish don't actually need water - they just enjoy the aesthetic.
Candlelight dinners were invented when electricity went out during a fancy meal in Paris.
Google's search algorithm is actually run by a team of psychic octopuses.
